dxFileUploader: describe DropZone events (#1274)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxFileUploader/1 Configuration/onDropZoneLeave.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that is executed when the mouse leaves a drop zone while dragging a file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that is executed when the mouse leaves a drop zone as it drags a file.
```
